This episode of Your Mom's house is brought to you by Saatva luxury mattress.
The only online mattress company that provides free delivery set up and mattress
removal.
Christina,
he was he the biggest dad owner ever?
Yeah.
Holy smokes.
Just glad.
Just,
just,
just this big here in the battle.
Big,
long,
tall
glass,
glass.
Which books?
Cool stuff.
Slick stuff.
Niched stuff.
Bad,
bad,
bad bite
I got was.
I got a bad bite.
Cool stuff.
Slick stuff.
Neat stuff.
Light Blue Denim.
Practically White Denim.
I just bugged high up brown braided belts and then sandals with socks.
Big Boy.
Bye Bye.
Oh
Wow.
That's a dad
blasting in your face.
I don't have the name of the artist unfortunately,
but I really dig that song.
Always important to close on a good fart.
Yeah.
Closer.
Whatever song you said.
Yes.
And then of course with a big long fart.
She's Christine.
I'm Todd.
This is your mom's house podcast.
Thanks for joining us.
Christine and Todd in the morning.
Come natural.
We just had to restart our program here.
We were recording in gobbly goop.
Yeah.
Sound studio.
Does that record you in robot voices?
Sometimes.
So scary.
Huh?
Well you scared.
I get scared when I hear.
I really don't like when that happens.
Um,
thanks to everyone is sharp lake titties who came out and saw me even though I
had to reschedule because of my movie star lifestyle.
The shows were supposed to happen five months ago.
Uh,
shooting scenes has he laid it anyways.
I really like that place is great girl.
Boy,
boy,
girl.
I love Charlotte Lake titties.
The scenes were great.
The scene I shot scenes while I was there.
I picked up a few scenes.
Um,
now the waitstaff is great at Wiseguy really are the service I think is great.
It's a great club overall.
I would definitely,
I'm going to go back there for sure.
Keith does a good job.
Um,
it's,
it's a really nice place.
Nice people.
Very nice.
Nice.
And they have a,
a um,
uh,
what's it called?
A rebellious strand in the DNA of the city.
I know,
I like that.
Yeah.
The Mormon team.
There's team Warman and then there's like team,
everyone else,
team neck tattoos.
Yeah,
they do go and they drink a lot of diet coke.
It's still,
oh yeah.
Um,
check it out for the upcoming shows.
Uh,
I have 20 tickets left in Eugene,
Oregon.
Your genes,
your genes and your genes.
Oregon.
That's it.
20 tickets left.
Boys see the Idaho is all sold out.
Uh,
October six,
Sacramento Ball,
Sacramento,
California.
The early show is sold out.
The lake show is well on its way.
Um,
do you want to know what show's not sold out?
Fresno.
Ah,
what's going on?
You guys want to come or what are you guys doing out there?
That's October 26.
Uh,
the next day I'm in Bakersfield.
That show is close.
Cockers field.
I works,
I'm not against it.
Um,
Fort Myers,
Florida.
November 1st,
and it's a good one.
Jack me off.
Feel Florida only has a 100 tickets left.
That's November 2nd.
Both Orlando shows are sold out.
They get your,
I like horror.
Atlanta.
Are you going to go to Epcot?
Probably.
And then a come Gusta Georgia the next day.
It was pretty close.
There were only tickets left for the November,
for the Wednesday show.
In Montclair at the Welmont caught in the late show.
Yeah.
Come on.
New Jersey.
The late show on November 17th and filler up Delphia has a few tickets.
Everything else is sold out.
So it's a very exciting,
I,
I uh,
I thank you.
I love you.
Um,
Tom square.com/tour for those tickets.
Come see the light jacket.
Joke.
God live jacket.
Where did you get that from?
What is that a rapper thing?
No,
I just,
people always see me and bomber jackets and stuff.
You know,
they're always like a light sensible jack and life jackets.
I like that one.
Yeah,
come see me.
1124 that's,
that's code for November 24th.
That is a very hard code breakdown.
I don't even know how you solve that at the house of Brews in San Diego.
Man.
Diego,
California.
Excuse me.
What I miss.
Pronounce it.
It's a hard l.
That's how you pronounce that.
Yeah,
go ahead.
Then 12 seven that's December 7th and fill her up.
Delphia that one's out.
Almost sold out.
And then the eighth I've added a show at the Gramercy theater in June.
Dork titties the 10 30 now this is guys,
this is way out in December.
I know you're,
I know you're thinking so far.
No,
get your fucking tickets now.
Girls and boys cause this shit selling out.
And I will be
announcing 2019 dates very shortly.
We're putting together a tour,
but as you know,
it's hard for us to tour between the genes and I,
his schedule,
my schedule.
I've got two little ones that I give a shit about.
You know what I'm saying?
I gotta stay here a lot,
so I'm only doing select cities,
select dates I'm in,
I'm out.
It's very quick so I can get back to my family.
We have a very limited amount.
We can actually leave a course.
So if you want to see us,
I mean don't,
don't sit on your hands and fart because you can fight on your hands,
not,
but not so much or otherwise.
You're gonna miss the genes.
Train.
Okay.
You're ready to open this show?
Heck yeah.
Let's have some fun.
We go.
We have a lot of things to talk about.
I like to talk about how disappointed I am in you for not being a ride or die
wife.
Let's get going.
Here we go guys.
Let's get into the show.
I had an interesting,
Oh yes.
My internal emotional life reflects terrain on the planet,
how the planet has a Sahara desert and not have a Sahara desert within me.
That place where my fear and isolation resides.
Okay.
No,
look,
I'm not saying Jada Pinkett Smith is crazy or anything,
but,
but I think that guys that got it a little more together.
Can I tell you how I actually feel very honored that you chose this as the
opening clip?
I,
as you know,
I love Instagram.
I'm fascinated.
I think it's a reflection of you know,
it's what you want people to know about you.
It's an interesting psychological experiment.
Interesting.
And once,
I want you to keep saying this because once you hear this assessment,
which I think you're dead on about,
yeah,
it'll make you look at it differently,
which is that with Instagram it's your choice of how to visually present who you
are.
Well,
it's what you think you are.
It is what you want other people to know about you.
For instance,
for Mine,
you know,
I like to do my shows,
this podcast and you know,
silly things,
but,
uh,
for instance,
I know this guy,
this,
this gay couple,
they're very reserved in real life.
Like twice on Instagram.
It's digs out practically there,
the two of them in each other's laps and like,
it's all overtly sexual.
And I'm like,
you guys are not these people in real life.
That is a peak into the psyche.
That's right.
That's what they want to be perceived as being perceived as or projecting.
Yes.
I am a sexually violent cock monster.
Come fuck me.
And it's so fascinating.
So
I love duck tape.
I,
um,
I stumbled upon Jada Pinkett Smith who we've had on the show and clip form,
years ago,
and got this news.
Yeah,
yeah,
yeah.
She's so fucking crazy.
So she's got a new show now,
um,
where she talks about her feelings a lot and her Instagram has been fascinating.
Daily.
I mean it's a lot of overshare and there was a time also we should point out
that we,
uh,
we played some of the,
I guess it was more his written stuff for her kid.
Um,
uh,
Jaden,
Jaden Smith.
And sometimes it felt weird.
Uh,
I know it felt weird because you're like,
oh,
he's a minor.
Right.
But he was also,
it's weird because he's a minor,
but he's a huge celebrity.
Yeah.
And,
um,
but he was,
he was,
he was writing hilarious and,
or terrifying things,
you know,
just things like,
how do we mirrors,
don't have eyes or,
you know,
just all kinds of shit.
Yeah.
He was like,
you know,
really listen to the trees will tell you this full story,
just bonkers stuff.
And you know,
you didn't know whether it,
he's busy winking at you.
Was he joking?
Is he playing indoors?
He's serious.
Cause I always felt like he was serious.
So we were like,
what the fuck is going on?
But then you're like,
oh,
it's,
it's teenage kid.
And you know,
it must be weird to be that famous at that age.
But then,
you know,
and then it just kind of like,
he kind of fell out of the psych guys like that.
Did he know?
I don't know.
But then upon further examination,
I think of what you're saying is watching mommy then a lot of things you go like
crazy.
Apple doesn't fall far from the mentally ill trust.
You should look at like,
I mean I don't know if I can,
uh,
I love this shit.
I love when people do this on social media.
This is why this is what I live for on Instagram.
Do you know what I'm saying?
It's,
I like the tract of pictures of people actually like pictures back and when he
was getting,
oh boy.
Oh boy.
Could you read that for,
well this one's not so bad.
I mean,
this one I think you shouldn't share this on,
so come on,
let me read it for you.
If I had a nickel for every time that I've cried in the back of an Uber,
I would have another pair of Yeezys.
That's just funny.
That's fun.
That's not really like,
I think that one is funny.
I think he's saying I'm emotional,
but I'm,
but he made it pretty funny.
Like it's saying I would have so many,
I would,
okay.
I would have another car.
I mean,
I would have another pair of these expensive shoes.
yeah,
he's saying I'm emotional,
but that's not the level at where I'm saying where it was like,
like this is one here.
This was one where I was like,
how can,
oh,
sorry.
How can mirrors be real if our eyes aren't real?
Then you go like,
wait,
what?
That's some philosophy right there.
The moment when you're wearing a dress with no pants and you swerve weight.
I mean,
that's,
I guess kind of silly.
He,
um,
I built pyramids constantly.
That was from,
uh,
nine,
nine 14.
That's code for September 19th,
2014.
If I was Moises,
where would I be?
Yeah.
I Dunno.
Am I god
ever read?
Uh,
you know,
it's,
um,
it was just odd,
right?
It's just odd to see a kid,
um,
you know,
tweeting this stuff.
It just seemed like it made,
it,
made it,
it made it seem like he was unstable.
You know that that's,
that was the kind of the perception,
and maybe that was the wrong,
if newborn babies could speak,
they would be the most intelligent beings on planet earth.
No,
they wouldn't.
they wouldn't come around one we often,
yeah.
The,
all they talk about is burping,
farting,
shitting,
eating,
sleeping.
That's all we know
anyways.
Yeah.
So I get the impression that he was like kind of,
you know,
cooking for himself and Kooky.
Yeah,
yeah.
Anyway.
Well,
well,
no,
hold on.
Okay,
the let's go,
let's go deeper down this rabbit hole.
So one wonders,
well,
why does that kid feel like they should be oversharing and well,
because I remember hearing Jadah one time on interview,
she goes,
you know,
there is so much talent in our house that we cannot hold it back.
I children are so talented.
And I was like,
wow.
And I don't talking.
This is when Janan and willow were like 1211,
10 years old and I,
hey listen,
every parent thinks their child is a genius and is amazing and they should.
Yeah.
That's kind of sweet.
But like,
you don't really share that sentiment unlike a talk show.
And you know what I mean?
It's,
it's a,
it's a lot.
It's a lot of pressure for the kids.
Yeah.
It is a lot of pressure for the kid.
Probably the worst part of genius.
Yeah.
Oh,
and you gotta be a book.
Thank God.
Thank God our parents never a no.
Raised our egos to genius,
Huh.
Um,
interesting.
Realization that my internal emotional life reflects terrain on the planet.
How the planet has a Sahara desert within me.
That place where I have to fear and isolation resides.
She looks great.
She looks fantastic.
Lawless planet has an aunt Artica I have an aunt article with in me where I have
hurts that run so deep that my compassion and my understanding and my love is,
is frozen over.
I mean,
okay.
If a Toledo inside of you
full of many malls understand theaters,
the uh,
what,
what she's trying to say here.
Sure.
I do too.
You know,
but it's not,
sorry.
Well,
it's here.
Hold on.
It's not that,
I don't think you should share this on,
I just think that this,
this is reserved for you and someone else smoking a Doobie.
No,
your therapy,
your friend.
Yeah.
Therapist.
You go like Antartica inside of me.
And then your third was just like,
that's a very interesting way of presenting that.
Correct?
Yeah.
That's private.
And then public versus private wars.
You know,
you really don't actually have an Antarctica inside of you.
And then I have those Hawaii's within me that right.
Lush and green and full of waterfalls where I can be more sensual and receptive
and giving a lot to be around.
Could you imagine being married to that?
To this?
Yeah.
I bet.
I bet there's a lot of interactions like this.
This isn't the first time she said this speech.
No,
this is like,
we'll right now at articles feeling especially cold.
And he's like,
all right.
He's like,
I know I gotta get on a,
I'd like to get on an excursion boat and see what's going on there.
And she was like,
well,
you better because it's about to be the whole house.
About to be at Arnica.
If you don't come over here and defrost this motherfucker.
He's like,
okay.
And then also you imagine how you know he's such a superstar and it's,
it's gotta be an issue all the time.
No time for this nonsense.
No,
I know,
but I'm saying that that is an issue.
You know,
she's going to be like,
oh we know Mr Stars here.
Okay.
There's a lot of,
I think there's,
I think there's a lot of,
there's other stars in this house just so you know,
they have like a star rivalry,
probably not pushing back on it cause he knows his place in the world that he's
an international mega star.
And I think it probably,
I think it annoys her.
That's my,
well you think she needs the limelight too?
I think she said there's a lot of light that needs to shine and we all feel how
big your lights shine and I need to shine too.
Wow.
Try like,
all right.
Like fuck.
All right.
Is Your,
uh,
is your internal Tahiti ready to shine?
Yes,
exactly.
We'll exactly to,
he's ready to go.
All right.
That's what I picture.
I can't have these kinds of conversations with will.
He's just not as deep as I am now.
My trainer,
Julio loves to talk about these things.
That's what I'm saying.
Like I think especially when we stretch,
there's some reason the emotions tied to stretch.
It
really helped me.
Julio condensed,
right?
Like she's got all kinds of dudes or pocket that she talks us nonsense with that
like,
you know,
she thinks that they're her friends and she's got,
she's got a group of nut bags that she talks about that there's no way will
Smith's listening.
No.
Here's the thing.
If we know we do such this thing with celebrities where we go like,
yeah,
I guess so you know you kind of like,
but like if you were regular neighbor friend,
the lady that you go on,
I don't know,
walks around the neighborhood with or you meet for coffee started saying this,
you'd be like,
you'd really need to get some help.
Like you tolerated only because they're famous.
That is so fucking true,
Tommy.
Like that's the observation of the century on this is that if she were Kathy
next door,
he'd be like caddies off her fucking rock.
Whoa.
Somebody called the pet team,
get this chick.
Fuck Kathy's husband.
What's your fucking wife said to me today?
She said the Antarctica and he'd be like,
Oh shit.
She's been going through a lot of stuff to be fucking committed.
That's so true.
And the reason and the reason I'm like kind of considering like listening to her
is because she's famous.
She's famous.
She's pretty beautiful.
Okay.
All right.
I'm just like,
I'm trying to follow,
she's got it.
She's got to have insight because the thing is I actually really like her and
that's why I follow her on Instagram because I'm very curious like what?
What is,
what is she about?
You know there is this thing that you,
I think you pick up on too.
Especially like also having,
when I did a movie,
you realize that you're like,
there's,
there's the person you do the scene with.
Boy,
girl,
boy,
girl scene though saying that,
that when the camera's rolling,
they're able to do this thing and that is only one aspect of that person.
We always try to like go like this.
You go like this person's amazing.
Well,
they're amazing at that.
Sure.
But that doesn't mean that everything else they do is valid or of value,
you know?
Yeah.
Because she could be,
yes.
If you could find an amazing actress,
which is a skill and it should be admired and celebrate it by our Burt Reynolds,
let's say he was pretty entertaining and some films,
it turns out he's beating the shit out of Lonnie Anderson.
He was a real asshole in real life.
You don't know what the fuck that guy was like,
right?
Yeah.
So case in point,
it doesn't mean that if they can play smart on TV,
that they're smart and real life.
Of course,
of course.
We just give her a lot more leeway on this stuff and she's pretty.
But man,
if you guys want to get some prime entertainment,
you want to look inside that the window of Jada Pinkett Smith Psyche go to her
Instagram page.
Uh,
I mean she is really deep.
This chick's got a lot of fucking thoughts on stuff,
man.
It's pretty interesting.
Yeah,
I mean it's a,
by the way,
I wasn't saying that thing to like talk shit about somebody in the movie.
I'm just making the point that you realize there's a separation.
There's camera rolling and then resource and then the per sure.
Well sure.
I mean I think that can be said for everybody whose lives you go to work and
you're a different person come home and we see it big time in our line of work,
especially in the comedians are Jekyll and Hyde man.
That's who you see on stage.
Some people,
it's really dramatic.
It's terrifying with some people.
And I mean over the years been doing this 16 years now,
you know,
I've seen people on stage,
so you're like,
wow,
that's really something
fun,
funny person.
You go backstage and you hang out with that person.
You're like,
oh,
darkness.
Darkness.
Can Be odd,
like shit like this for sure.
Shit like this.
There's a handful right now that are this.
Yeah,
there's weird,
there's a lot of mental illness.
It goes on a dress,
you know,
very quiet.
I'm introverted,
but like to the point where it's,
it's,
uh,
almost to turning you to curiosity about what this,
not just all these quiet,
you know,
it's like,
it's too much.
I would say you and I are actually introverts.
Definitely.
Yeah,
yeah,
yeah.
And then there's,
you know,
there's drunk fat people.
There's always deeply racist,
deeply raises people.
You don't know it onstage,
and then you hang out and you're like,
why didn't know you're this fat and racist?
It's just that you just don't know.
I'm saying it's just,
it's just,
uh,
yeah.
And of course there's,
there's the really extreme fucked up cases too,
where they're like,
don't say
no.
Don't say naughty works.
I'm a rape.
You do.
Yeah.
That was the wackiest one of the malls.
I think.
So.
Let's see what else.
I want to be more of those things,
but we also have to embrace our internal and articles.
And so Harvard deserts and we can't see him as wrong.
Just like we don't see the Sahara desert has wrong on the planet.
It is just what is and we can love ourselves in those places.
It's
now,
see I actually,
I understand what you're saying.
I understand what she's saying.
I get it and I get it on an emotional,
I just,
I get it too.
I mean I get embarrassed.
Nothing wrong with the,
you said like with the desert or that part of you.
It makes sense.
I mean it's fine.
I just imagined like,
like we were saying like the personal relationship between the husband and wife.
Like you haven't been to hear this shit fucking 24,
seven.
I'd be like,
God dammit.
There she goes again with this nonsense talk.
Um,
go see a therapist.
Go see five,
right?
Let's say Asia Guy.
No,
that's the parachute or no,
that's the Brazilian guy I said presented was electrocuted.
Remember everybody laughs,
got an email about it.
You want to see?
Sure.
The guy being electrocuted by grapes as a classic Brazilian meme.
Glad you guys are delving into this because Brazil has host a hundreds of
thousands of hours of absurdist content.
Cool.
The video was super big here when youtube started.
The dude electrocuted is a conservative TV host from south Brazil.
His name is Laci or Martine's.
Not only did he not die from the grapes,
he somehow became a senator later on because this is Brazil left,
right.
Helps.
It.
Helps it.
God,
I'll do the bone bang.
I still listened to my Brazilian jams,
Sergio Mendez.
Before I forget,
I want to talk about how highly disappointed I am in you and thinking about
moving on.
So the other day we were in bed,
not the other day.
Last night we're watching Ozark,
which I love.
So good.
The season too.
Mr Bateman and cast.
Oh,
Charles Wilkes reached out to me on Twitter.
That's amazing.
About the beautiful boat that he drove a,
tweeted that out and he found me and told me it's a hacker craft.
Uh,
600 grand.
I was like,
I'm gonna get to,
I didn't realize it was so cheap.
It's so need college.
Um,
anyways,
uh,
we were talking about the whole family kind of has to watch out for each other,
have each other's back.
And you told me and you in no uncertain terms that you would report me to the
authorities.
Yeah.
If I were to murder
one and it was premeditated.
Yeah.
I was so stunned by this declaration.
I just realized I thought I'd had a ride or die.
Yeah.
And I thought I was with my wife for life.
And now I am actively searching for number two because the fact that you would
even hypothetically
turn me in,
it really,
it changed my whole voice.
I'm going to turn yet.
Here's the distinction that's very important.
Now what I turn in for,
uh,
involuntary manslaughter.
No.
Or even a lesser charge,
but lying in,
wait,
first degree murder.
You're,
you're a fucking nut bag and I got attorney in manatee cause you're going to
fucking kill me in the kids next.
I got to protect our children.
I'm not doing that.
I don't understand why you tie the two together because you're going to get a
taste for it.
That's what happens.
And I know this for it.
For Kellen.
No,
you're already developing the thirst.
You're watching all these shows,
getting your skills together,
and then you're going to kill [inaudible] skills together.
Yeah,
I'm murdering somebody who did something wrong.
I'm not just mercy.
Now you're ready.
You're contemplating a mark.
You're already thinking who you're going to kill.
Yeah,
but I'm saying it's not for no reason.
It's not just blood lust.
Well,
what's the reason,
Tom?
The reason is that somebody slided me and now I'm going to kill him.
See,
and you think I should defend this?
Oh,
of course you're my wife.
No,
because it was going to happen is one day I'm going to slight.
Yeah,
and then you're going to murder me.
You're going to kill our children and our dogs alone,
and you're going to have no support system.
Great.
I'd rather be alone.
Have you put behind bars?
Why favor?
How can you not support?
I told you,
if you hit somebody with a car,
guess what?
I'm the first one to be out there and hiding the body with you.
You know that,
right?
That's the kind of love I have for you.
It's supposed to extend beyond that.
You hit a bicyclist or something dead.
They're dead on the road.
I'm going to come out there with you.
I'm going to find somewhere to bury this guy.
Yeah,
we're going to find somewhere to burn his body.
No.
What we've learned is that you have to dig hole.
You have to get hydrochloric acid for it on the body and then cover it up,
but I still,
well,
you don't have my back.
Why don't you have my back?
I just told you if it's,
if it's manslaughter,
involuntary manslaughter.
Not First degree.
I can't.
I can't support you first.
Hickory lying in wakes me over and I'm like,
all right,
it's time for payback.
Why can't you?
It's so disappointing that you don't hypothetically have my back.
I'm serious.
Like I've never been.
I'm so disappointed.
Okay.
What's considered a slight in your world?
Let's talk about that because maybe,
maybe I can get on board if it's a legit,
like I'm just giving you somebody fuck me over.
Okay,
here's,
here's when I think it's okay.
Here's what somebody fucks with our kids,
like seriously fucks up with our kids or hurts them.
Yeah,
absolutely.
Let's go kill the mother fucker.
That's,
that's different.
That's probably the only scenario.
Or they try to fucking hurt you.
Like physically tried to kill us and you kill them first or physically harming
my children or me,
then that's different.
But I'm talking about some guy cuts you off in traffic and you're applying it
and cause that,
that's what it sounds like to me is where you're headed.
Somebody cuts you off in traffic.
Somebody,
your Starbucks doesn't come out so hot enough and you're planning the Baristas
death.
That's what I'm hearing.
Okay.
I mean,
first of all,
I think both of those are reasonable.
That's what I,
that's the problem.
But see that's the problem here.
Okay.
You're supposed to have your spouse's back not on that.
Yes you are.
That's what I'm saying.
No,
yes.
I cannot ride or die.
You're not and it's disappointing.
That's,
that's Cray cray tongue.
You're telling me that if you murder a Barista cause you're ordered didn't come
out right.
I'm supposed to stand by you.
Yes,
of course I'm standby.
Or Man,
of course.
I mean,
you could tell me that you're like,
you can lecture me know and tell me like how fucked up it was that I did that
and I got to stop killing Baristas.
You still don't turn me in.
Of course I turn you in.
Your Real Kenyan if you're now it all makes sense if you're the unibomber I'm
turning in.
That's different.
How's that different?
Because that's killing people.
That's terrorizing people that didn't do anything to you get,
but in his mind they were doing stuff to him.
No,
it was symbolic to him.
Okay.
Well I like how you know the inside of his mind so well,
I mean,
I studied it.
Have a little bit about it.
Okay,
well look,
you're already on the brink.
I'm saying like somebody scratches my car in a parking lot,
right?
Then I go and stick an icepick says neck.
Sure,
I can't,
I can't abide the eye.
Yeah,
so now guess what?
Now I'm not telling you stuff.
Oh,
now we don't have a communication and the relationship anymore.
It's definitely going down.
It's not going up.
It's not going to improve because you're a fucking tattle tale.
I would report you so fucking fast,
so fast.
If you're doing crazy stuff like that.
Oh,
you're out.
You're in jail partner.
You're going to turn on me and the kids.
I want to protect my young and turning it into,
it's not boo
boo boo boo because that's where it goes.
It doesn't go there.
Okay.
Let me ask you this.
How many killers have good relationships with wives and children?
Healthy marriages.
Healthy relationships.
Their children?
Yes.
Okay.
Yeah.
Ted Bundy had a nice wife and children at home that he cared about real p o s
for this.
Yeah.
You're a big disappointment.
Not just to me,
to the entire fan base.
I promise you're going to listen.
They always side with you on a nonsense like this nonsense.
This is,
but you don't have the,
to any woman that's got children knows to protect them.
I would protect my children from you.
The fact that you keep twisting the two twist.
Yeah.
You're like,
oh,
we got to protect my kids.
Like that has anything to do with the fucking Barista.
You're Outta here.
Gone.
If you,
if you,
if you were violent like that,
gone Tom,
you're gone.
What's a deal breaker for you
like in those bitch tits?
Uh,
says,
uh,
Bi needs help finding this man.
John Doe 40 spotted in a child porn video.
Oh my God.
I hope it's not Bert.
He's got to go.
It doesn't have a beard.
Half eyebrows.
Well,
that's what Burt looks like without a beard.
That's true.
What has bird,
she's other deal breakers.
Well,
what about,
what about me?
Would you turn me in if I killed the Barista?
No,
of course not.
That's the difference.
I'm not a piece of shit.
I'm not going to report my children's mother and my spouse and have her go to
prison.
They should be locked up if I'm doing crazy stuff.
Like,
no,
you should never thought about that towel.
I just tell I pull you aside and I go,
the fuck are you doing?
You gotta stop killing people.
God.
Uh,
and then you go,
I'm sorry.
And I guarantee if I called your father and was like,
ah,
dude,
Tom and a Barista,
because hundred percent he would not turn me in.
Hundred Years ad is a rule follower and you have no idea.
No idea.
No.
He broke the mold.
He would fly out here and kill you if you said you were going to turn me in.
I cut.
You don't that.
Can I,
are you serious?
He would sneak into the house at night.
I'm sorry buddy.
I had to slice her throat.
She was going to talk.
All right.
He was like,
it's fun.
Turn on the children and me and I know that because,
okay.
Let me ask you something apart that everyone just so you know is going,
wow.
She's really doesn't get it.
She really doesn't get it.
He's not going to hurt kids.
Listen to me.
When you read about your serial killers,
who's the first person they kill?
Who?
The woman who was,
who was it?
Who was the first person they killed?
Oh,
my wife fell down the stairs.
That's not serial killers,
so he's a killer.
Okay.
No,
no,
that's,
that's the,
you're talking about like crime of passion stuff that's like walking in on you
having an affair.
That's when they kill the wife.
The it's,
it's like it's,
it's not a plotted planned for the most part thing.
It was her passion kills.
Okay.
Okay,
so what's killing the Barista when
that your order crime of passion,
that would be right,
but that doesn't mean that I'm going to go home and kill my kids.
So Yana,
Yana.
What that leads me to believe is that your specific brand of sociopathy lends
itself to crimes of passion.
Now,
if you're going to count the Barista over a coffee,
you're certainly prone to kill your wife.
What if I get your coffee wrong?
I bring you a cup of coffee without milk.
You're going to slit my throat to whatever.
It's adjacent.
It's psycho adjacent.
We should start figuring out what our next great.
Now who was my second husband?
It's going to be someone who doesn't value loyalty.
Doesn't value they've alone.
Yeah,
and I hope,
I hope there are,
they're gone.
I don't worry.
And tums Ray Times.
It would just what Tom does,
nothing.
I'm helping,
I'm helping our fans left and right with this one.
Uh,
my girlfriend and I were watching the episode of why Mhw with Bobby Lee and Clia
Khalila sorry,
I forgot how to say her name correctly.
Uh,
I started laughing at Tom's look of disappointment and discussed when Bobby said
he didn't want to get his ass eat.
And my girlfriend turned to me and said,
Hey,
do you want me to do that to you?
And I went,
ah,
yeah.
And now she does it regularly and it's so good.
I know in four strokes every time.
So thank you Tom,
for sort of being the catalyst for this new part of my life.
I appreciate it.
Piss on me and beat me.
Try it out from Eric in Norway.
You're welcome or welcome Eric.
And maybe it's a signal to one other person.
Listen,
Norwegians or they do their own thing.
Everybody knows that 20 hours of sunlight a day makes you crazy.
Last week I played a prank call from Fort Simpson that was great.
Involving top dog.
This is the one I was holding onto.
This is in my estimation,
the greatest prank call that he's dumb.
Okay.
Wow.
This is one that I asked him was,
I asked him,
would you marry your mom?
I asked him if this was possible a few months ago.
And he was like,
well,
you know,
he told me a lot of variables have to come into play,
to make a prank call work.
Anyways,
he did it.
So it's so great.
I'm going again,
going to mute our lines.
Okay.
Um,
after this we'll come right back,
but I'm going to mute our line so that you can just hear this call
uninterrupted.
If you're not going to make the sound,
why do you even buy it?
I know it wasn't like a full burp.
Let it go.
You're at your mom's house.
This isn't,
that's true.
All right,
church.
Are you ready,
gene?
Yes.
Okay,
here we go.
Yeah.
Home Synergy.
Hi,
my name is Bert.
What can I do for you?
Well,
there's a little confused
on exactly what your clinic does.
Could you explain it to me?
Uh,
we are an optimal aging and functional medicine clinic.
Okay,
perfect.
My client is having some issues with erectile dysfunction.
Would that fall under your umbrella?
Uh,
we do offer,
um,
gainswave and priapus shot treatments.
Okay.
For ranked out assumption.
Yeah.
Well I'm actually here with my client.
Could I put him on the phone for him to tell you a little bit more about what
he's doing and then maybe we could see if this is a match or not a sure.
Thank you.
I'll give them over.
Okay.
Thanks.
Hi,
this is,
I'm the medical assistant here at Horman synergy.
How can I help you?
Yes.
I'm here to tell you or Recto yes,
order problems.
80.
All right.
And Are you looking to treat anything else or is that your main focus?
No neuropathy problems at all.
Very good.
All right,
so the best person I think for you to talk to would be our clinic director.
If you'll hold on just a second for me.
I'll go see if he's available.
Okay.
I'm telling you bag or is and all that stuff and it is work
very good.
So if you'll hold on just a second for me,
I'll see if he's available.
Thanks.
Can you are very welcome.
Hi,
this is,
oh,
can I help you?
My name is Bert,
uh,
calling on behalf of my client,
John.
I'm a registered caretaker here in Oregon and the woman we just spoke with told
us that you might be the best person to talk to about treating erectile
dysfunction.
Absolutely.
Yeah.
I'm going to put John on the phone with me,
if that's all right.
Sure.
Okay.
Yes.
Hello?
You were interested in the games wave treatment?
Yes.
Okay.
And how old are you John?
He's a 78
78 okay.
John,
are you on,
are you on any medications currently?
No.
Okay.
And Are you able to achieve an erection?
Yes.
So you're able to achieve an erection,
but it just doesn't last as long as you would like or you lose a Rexall function
over time?
Yes.
Okay.
I just want you guys to see,
but I don't know if you believe me or not,
but I promise you,
I'm sorry you're,
you're promising me what?
I promise you,
if you can find any body you know,
that won't get you into trouble,
smokes and man,
the more you smoke out,
that blow harder.
My big get this unbelievable.
I'm just turn this up and down four times it's this hot van to do it.
MMM.
And my brother named Billy,
or when he smoked with me,
he put his dick.
I can't believe how big his dick was.
He jacked off in droves.
It's the person who's the caretaker there available.
They,
he's dig is even harder,
thicker and even more cunning.
Believes me down and shot the most calm.
He gave her a shot and it's like,
if he's on the 49,
is there,
John,
is there a,
is there a number that I can call you back?
Gay.
You won't believe how good it feels.
Good.
You straight.
You won't believe how good it feels when I'm so fat that been hot and Horny home
man.
I Laney base that can get me a blowjob.
Um,
I'm sorry this,
this is,
um,
this is not information that is of value to me.
Um,
I am,
I really,
I'm so sensitive that you don't need lube.
You don't need spirit and you shoot an enormous amount of very thick hot white
come.
I'm going to have to end this phone call.
Okay.
That's so great.
My favorite and it was so subtle in the beginning where it goes,
I have no neuropathy.
She goes,
okay.
Okay.
So it was perfect.
Yeah.
No problems at all.
How does he very good,
very good.
No neuropathy problems at all.
Very good.
Uh,
perfect.
That was a perfect perfection.
It was perfection.
The only thing I asked him,
he was like,
hey call,
you want me to try to make it go?
If you could get the forest stroke,
I know a reptile expert.
And he was like,
hmm.
And he told me,
he was like,
you know,
I've been trying to email,
been trying.
It just ha cause I guess you,
you,
you see that like everything has to line up for a call work.
It seems simple.
I Dunno how they use it.
It's funny because obviously he jumps in where when unnecessary.
It's like when that guy goes like,
how old are you?
He's just like a 78,
like,
he just on the spot to think of something.
You know,
I have quite brilliant for him to be the guys caretaker as a smart so he can
jump in on last weeks.
It was a,
he was like my daddy with his truck nuts and all that.
Sure.
Yeah.
This guy's a genius.
It's great.
And by the way,
you can hear that call and a bunch of other calls.
He has a free album out of his prank calls.
Wow.
It's over two hours of prank calls and there's a bunch of,
uh,
your mom's house when sprinkled in it is Fart simpson.bandcamp.com and it's a,
it's an album of that.
Tony and his friends,
uh,
I have been working on for quite awhile.
Uh,
anyways,
so hello honey.
He's like,
my brother tried it,
get big hat and he's like,
um,
sir.
He's like this info.
This is not information that is of value to me.
That is a value to me.
So great.
Uh,
no neuropathy rep,
this is it.
Oh
here's my client.
And I liked that.
That guy's like a caretaker there available.
I don't want to hear about all your com and how hard your brothers Dick is
as the best part.
Oh Man.
By the way,
I got an email from the director of the movie that's coming out.
Um,
instant family.
This is a,
by the way,
just people know,
I mean,
I'm,
you know,
I joke about being a movie star lifestyle.
I'm in good amount of scenes.
Let's say I have like probably seven,
eight scenes in a,
in a,
in this major Bush picture is a massive release.
This will be in every movie theater in America and internationally.
It's a,
you know,
4,000 plus theaters here.
So I'm just saying big,
you know,
big paramount release.
The IMD B page about it has trivia mostly about me.
You know,
it's like,
it's that this movie has mark Walberg,
Rose Byrne,
Octavia Spencer,
like legit stars.
And the highest rated piece of Trivia on the page right now is,
uh,
um,
cigarette experience,
no neuropathy issues during filming.
You know,
I think that it's like my favorite color.
You must show the director.
He was like,
Hey,
your fans are pretty hardcore man.
And then it says like,
there's a longer one that says like Thompson Euro,
the water champ.
Um,
like international water champ was making this film just absolute craziness.
He should go back to the deadline posting of our cvs d.
Oh yeah.
I mean,
that one's just littered with mommy comments.
It's so funny.
People were like,
what is this?
Why is everyone saying this shows about jeans?
Um,
okay.
Why don't we,
our guest is here.
Why don't we just take a break to go get them and we'll be right back Jean.
Okay.
And we're back with our very special guest comedian Doug Mellard,
who has a new album out.
It's a chart topper.
It's called FARC safari to fart harder.
That's right.
I honestly think that's the best album title I've ever heard.
I love the album title.
What a talent.
It took a lot to get there,
you know,
to come up.
Any push back a little bit.
Uh,
originally the producer was like,
I don't,
that's the dumbest.
Yeah,
I think I've ever heard.
But you're so good at capitalizing on the dumbest thing someone's ever heard,
you know,
from tattoos.
I summered in.
No worries.
Yeah.
Oh,
it's fantastic.
where do you want to start?
Uh,
I think the general consensus for favorite dumb tattoo was a,
so I dated,
this is on fart safari one by the way.
It's a great [inaudible] this is a bit,
I mean,
the reason I know about it because I heard him say on stage,
don't get it confused with two is the new release.
Yeah.
You don't have to,
you know,
have both to have them connected.
Right.
You'll figure it out double album.
But uh,
but yeah,
so I dated this girl name Allie and uh,
it didn't end well,
like at all.
And so I got iHeart alley on my chest and then,
uh,
when that went south I had to get like a really clever cover up,
you know?
So,
uh,
came up with iHeart alligators.
It's pretty amazing.
It's got the little Lacoste alligator.
It's pretty sweet.
Yeah,
no,
I love it.
It's actually maybe my favorite tattoo.
That's pretty,
oh,
and then right here,
that's a,
the movie alien vs Predator.
Uh Huh.
I thought the movie was so dumb that I drunkenly got a tattoo of it like later.
It's not even correct.
Like that's supposed to be a line that goes straight down.
So that's,
those are two great examples of capitalizing on dumb ideas and making them
funny.
Oh yeah.
I got a,
I auditioned for a show and it was called epic fail and I did not get the part,
but they were like,
we're looking for wacky comedians.
And I like people that like,
we'll do anything.
So I was like,
oh,
just get a tattoo of the show.
So I got epic fail on my arm and I was like,
worst case.
Uh,
you know,
uh,
it's an even dumber.
It's Funnier I think for sure.
And it's so great that you didn't get epic fail after getting epic fail.
Yeah.
That's even funnier.
That's better.
How many of these tattoos do you have?
Uh,
God,
well,
it's funny,
like I've got an old dirty bastard tattoo,
uh,
that it could be better.
I got accommodate madness,
but this is on parts of I two.
I talk about it.
It's misspelled just to screw with people.
And I thought it'd be real funny because of that.
People would constantly like,
tell me that and then I'd have to look like and be like,
Oh shit what?
And uh,
we're done.
Yeah.
It's one of my favorite type of personalities and comics,
which is like,
he lives for the moment of making it funny.
So like getting the tattoo just so that,
right.
So that he can play dumb to somebody in life.
Like what?
Fuck,
I got.
Call that guy now,
just for that moment.
That's,
I love that about you.
Yeah.
Here's the artwork here.
It's,
it's everywhere.
It's on Spotify.
Obviously it's on iTunes.
This is,
I just pulled up the,
uh,
Amazon,
banner.
But um,
yeah,
it's,
it's hilarious.
Doug is hilarious.
It's that the Amazon music farts safari too far.
It harder.
Yeah.
Doug Mellard guys definitely download at least some positive reviews for this
man.
Let him know how much you loved his work.
It's great.
How funny.
A lot of you saw Doug,
by the way,
with me,
um,
uh,
an a on the last tour.
You came with me to a number of cities,
Seattle together can Portland.
Yup.
Houston.
Dallas.
Yeah.
Um,
so you Tom,
the last time we were all together,
it was it when we were all together.
You,
well first of all,
Doug,
congratulations.
You just got married.
Oh,
thanks.
Uh,
I had hold off on that,
but,
and it's like a c minus so far,
you know?
Yeah.
The honeymoon.
No,
I'm looking to get remarried to a loyal person soon.
We'll get into it later.
But,
um,
someone who won't just leave,
call the police on their own spouse just because he let the,
uh,
sprinkler run on the wrong day.
So anyway,
um,
you just got married and uh,
no.
Well,
the point being that they came to the home,
they came,
uh,
Doug and his now wife came and we had a lovely time.
We were drinking,
we were laughing and then you farted in front of his lovely fiance.
That's true.
And I was like,
you don't even know this person yet.
You have to have some precedence with them before you fart in front of them.
Oh my gosh.
Yeah.
When did you meet her?
Like how long have you known her before?
Before we started actually I hung out with Flint quite a bit because she met,
we met on the,
like I've known Doug for a number of years.
I probably by the second time that we did to get a gig together,
I was hanging out with Flynn.
Then when we did our Texas gigs together,
she's from there.
We hung out with her and her brother.
We crashed a wedding.
Yeah.
There I've hung out with her a good,
I mean,
not like,
oh my God.
Years and years and years,
but enough to know.
Yeah,
and I,
it was pretty loud.
I think part of it,
it was,
yeah,
it was nasty,
but
like here's the deal.
It's like I'm used to him,
but he's right.
He also knows me and I think that's why he's like,
I can,
she lives with this guy.
Sure.
So it's fine because he knows that I do that in front of her.
I know now off the rails,
he goes sure.
And I know what his boundaries are and there's not a lot of them.
Yeah.
So that's why I felt like I could probably far,
far to,
and it was in our kitchen too,
which was really nice by the,
we were all sitting at the dining room table.
We having a good time and you just farted in front of her and I,
I felt bad for you just because you felt like that was bad because like Flint
was not at all phased.
Okay.
As long as I know.
I when she told me to tell you personally that uh,
the other night we were,
uh,
she like gave me a kiss and I farted varieties.
Like I saved it just for that moment.
Yeah.
Cause I had just gotten back from Vietnam out of town and uh,
she was like,
tell Christina that happened is,
well,
I feel as though I've experienced the same.
I,
yeah,
my life is a mirror to her soccer.
We're in solidarity now.
How long did you wait before you farted in front of?
Oh God,
no,
that was immediate.
I don't,
you got her like I'm not going to live a lie.
Like it's Gunna happen.
What was that?
Was it like you weren't you friends before you dated?
Is that right?
Yeah,
yeah,
yeah.
We were friends pray before.
Yeah.
Where you farting as friend?
Yeah,
sure.
I mean she thinks farts are funny.
Like,
yeah.
I finally let it out.
I like that Weenie burpee had yeah,
yeah,
the break.
Yeah.
Oh my gosh.
So,
so you farted it as friends in front of her.
So by the time you were lovers it was like,
now do you,
here's the thing,
here's the,
here's the line in the sand.
That type of thing I have is,
uh,
Tom and I will make marital loves and then afterwards he'll wait about 10 or 15
minutes before he starts farting again.
Yeah.
And then he'll,
he'll be like,
but I held it in this whole time for you.
Like he was doing me a favor,
that hole.
That's a huge sign of respect.
That's,
that's a long time.
I,
yeah,
like I'll,
sometimes we'll get started and I'll be like,
oh,
I got to Fart.
Right.
And I'll hold it.
Hold it.
Do you ever done it while?
No.
I mean it's probably been once like snuck out,
but I'm saying yeah,
I've felt it where I could push and make a big scene and obviously I know that,
you know,
get,
get an more turned off,
I'll,
I'll hold it and then I've finished and then like,
I'd really like to fart now.
It's still been like,
oh,
but you know,
love still in the air.
I don't want to know.
I don't want to be accused of being too much of an asshole,
so I'll wait until it's like,
hmm.
You know,
cuddling is,
you know,
done.
And during cuddling.
Yeah.
Don't really let me cuddle you either.
It's another thing.
I like it.
And you're always like to hide.
I said Hi.
You don't let me.
Yeah,
I don't like that.
I bet my next wife will probably line up.
Exactly.
So,
so you,
you hold it in during post coital are
probably less than 10 minutes.
So I think he's doing great,
I think.
I think you've got a good guy.
Of course.
Yeah.
Do you guys shit in front of each other?
Has that barrier bro?
Talk to each other while we shit.
I mean we don't,
we don't keep the door open.
Yeah.
That ones,
that's a,
that's a barrier.
Like you,
he won't let me talk to him through the door.
Oh really?
I,
I'm like really like to block everything out.
Yeah.
It's a bomber or apartments.
Not huge.
And we'll have people over and we're still talking to each other while I spent a
lot of time in there that's called love.
Tom.
Why don't you support me in that?
I feel like if I don't turn you into the cops from murder,
you can talk through me.
You can talk through the door when you're taking your shit.
What I'm taking because you've not let me in the last 14 years.
I've tried too many times and you're always,
you just ignore me.
Yeah.
I like to have more conversation.
I got to get my reading in at some point.
You want to answer no to toilet reads.
You'll probably like this cause you like pranks and you're like,
so we played uh,
a a fart prank number that the,
the dad who was like,
did you just fucking see it?
Yeah.
And this is another guy.
He just,
he sprayed the fart spray.
He set up his friend getting in the car.
You'll like it
right as Tommy Tommy roll maximally beginning you a I bet you smell.
I don't even know bitches.
Bitch
ass mother fuckers don't fuck
man.
Fuck that shit man.
I love it.
Almost all lightheaded role I here.
He didn't wash away rog.
You got
no Roman
thank dog.
Yeah.
God dammit.
Throwing up,
throwing up,
making the sounds.
He's getting out of the car.
He got out of the car.
It's fine.
No,
it's fine.
He's off camera.
He's off.
I would like to sounds.
Is he still making,
trying to clean it up.
Oh
look,
his eyes water a spray
dry
go.
Come on man.
Well this step linger I guess a while.
Yeah.
Great.
Well you spray it already.
Come on man.
And then gets them here.
Throws it.
He throws,
throws the fake roach at
just torturing this guy.
Yeah.
Fantastic.
That's fantastic.
I love it.
I love that stuff.
It's just like us on the road.
Yeah,
pretty much a hundred percent man.
I love what dog does when you guys go on the road together is he makes
embarrassing tee shirts.
Oh my can you guys traveled together?
It's a,
it's pretty fun.
It's,
yeah.
I mean I'm sure some of the people know what we're talking about.
If you go on my Instagram,
you scroll through it,
you'll see that uh,
every time I'm with Doug and we travel,
including like if we're doing multiple cities multiple days,
he has different tee shirts.
Have me on his t shirt and he says this is my friend or a cool guy.
Cool guy.
My neat uncle friend and like we're boarding together and then it's me and then
neon his shirt.
They'll be like,
if you guys see my special friend and board,
it'll be a picture of him wearing a shirt of me on his shirt within another
image.
That's like day two or three.
Yes.
So he's got,
he's got on yesterdays lots it out.
Oh,
have I love,
it's great for doing clubs then,
you know,
that's several days we'll have a different shirt for every day and he doesn't
seem to catch on that.
It's going to happen at some point during the day.
I'm actually kind of hot.
Do you mind,
are you,
are you take your headphones off?
Geez.
Let's see.
Let's see what it is.
Oh God.
Let's see.
Yeah,
my cool family.
Mike.
My first one with oh with
our old band,
right.
Michael family.
Yeah.
I'm honored.
I really glasses.
Well that was straight up from your Instagram.
Yeah,
those are awesome.
Yeah.
You look really cool with that haircut.
Yeah,
I love it.
And I love my expression.
Yeah.
We always wear that same outfit.
You never disappoint what your short game.
I'm very impressed
man.
There's one in Denver where I panicked because I forgot to do it and it was like
we were about to take off and you panicked that you didn't get,
it's so fun.
And,
uh,
so I found a place that like a flea market that would make a like a,
what's it called?
Like the spray painting?
Yeah,
yeah,
yeah.
It was actually ended up being one of the most beautiful ones.
Oh,
all we,
I forget this,
but then,
you know,
it just hits me is that when I first met him,
it was in Cap City and in Austin and he got jumped.
I got jumped like earlier that day or the night of the night.
Yeah.
1:00 AM,
I was like,
why are you on crutches?
I got jumped and then the club was like,
dude,
if you're going to be hobbling up there,
we can't put you on.
The guys are like,
come on man,
you got crutches,
you're hobbling.
People don't want to see that.
And he's like,
I was attacked last night.
And they're like,
yeah,
but no one wants to look at you like this.
Managing that week was like,
dude,
come on.
You're all fucking bruised up.
Like blaming him.
Yeah.
I did the,
uh,
crutches and I just took the pain.
That's still stuff on Viking and the whole weekend to me that somebody who like
you were in a car accident,
God dammit,
I've got cuts on your face and you're like,
ah,
you piece of shit.
Yeah.
Like yelling at the person who's sick essentially like,
come on man,
audience won't like that.
Well,
and like,
yeah,
they were trying to talk me out of just like,
you should stay.
I was in the hospital and I was like telling them like,
hey,
this is what happened.
And uh,
they were like,
you should probably just like take care of yourself.
And I was like,
no,
like after something like,
I like PTSD for a little bit after that and it was like,
no,
I need to get on stage to feel normal.
You know,
like it was pretty messed up.
Yeah,
it was printing to get hit.
But yeah,
my knees are just like screwed for life.
Really?
Yo.
Yeah,
it's really bad.
What was the scenario again?
It was like just,
I was just walking to say some say hi to a couple of friends and it was like
late at night and I had friends that would like lectured me later.
Like,
what was your fault for walking?
And it said,
it's not a bad neighborhood.
It's fine.
It wasn't a bad neighborhood.
I was,
I mean it's not the best,
but it's,
you know,
it's like I live in the middle of La,
like,
yeah.
You know,
like in Austin,
I wouldn't think that would be a problem.
And uh,
yeah,
I just heard like screaming,
I heard someone say,
I'm going to kill you motherfucker and they can't.
It was a big dude and he came running with his fist up and he's running full
speed at me and I just,
and there was a group of guys behind him,
they were laughing,
which was just like,
so like unsettling.
And I just kind of shimmied over.
I'm really good at juking and I just like Barry Standard over.
And then like he ran,
he was going too fast,
so we had to run past me and then couldn't run that way because those guys were
there,
didn't want to run towards him.
So there's,
there was like 10 foot ledge behind this church's chicken and I just ran and
like long jumped off this ledge.
And I remember when I landed,
I could see I was past this,
uh,
you know,
the parking space lines.
I had jumped almost all the way past that and just,
but when I landed,
just everything in both legs,
just,
I knew it was bad and then they,
the guy jumped after me and then he hit his head and like he was kind of days
and he was kind of shaking his face,
but I was like,
I was worried I was going to get shot in the back or like those other guys,
we're going to jump down.
And I got,
it was still trying to get up.
And so I like ran out to like where the s the streetlights were and we'll just
kind of waving at cars and like called my friend.
And then just random where I was supposed to be going because it was right
there.
It was like a three mile walk that this happened and,
and uh,
showed up and they run after you when you were not after that guy was too messed
up I think like,
but I was still just so nervous.
He's like people being drunk and silly I think.
I mean,
I,
I've been in a lot of like heightened situations,
but I've never had the like,
flight response.
But that really felt like I had a voice in my head that was like,
you're going to get killed.
It was really scary.
It was,
I mean,
yeah.
It sounds terrifying.
Yeah.
Did you ever find these guys or did anything?
Oh man,
I went to the cops.
The cops ended up saying that they basically thought I made it up.
And at one point I was told over the phone from a detective that,
uh,
they basically started accusing me,
by the way,
I hate to cut you off.
I feel like you're the perfect person to say that too.
Like you could tell me a story.
I'd be like,
you made that up.
He was like,
no,
it really happened.
I'd be like,
there's something about though
that's because they picked up on the check jokester.
He was like,
come on.
Well yeah it was like this weird.
So this lawyer buddy mine told me about this program that could help with my
medical bills like through the state for situations like that.
And so,
but because I technically wasn't hit by anyone and there was no witnesses,
they just kind of hinted at like,
Hey,
if he just called me in,
the first thing that was a mouth is like,
uh,
something like if you're making this up,
you're going to go to jail for awhile.
And I was like,
you think I fucking made this?
I started screaming at him within that feels weird cause like to yell at a
detective like,
and how do you handle that?
Uh,
I mean it in the,
like they,
that he still didn't really back down and then I took a lawyer down in the
police station and that really like changed it.
The guy like,
and the once I sat down with the detective and like showed him with detail by
detail,
knowing everything that happened,
he kind of was like,
okay,
this guy and bullshitting.
And then like six months later I get a letter that was like basically like,
we,
we think this happened,
but they couldn't even like fully like we're sorry.
You know,
like it was a terrible,
of course
getting your medical bills cover Kinda,
uh,
I mean like some of it a little bit.
Yeah.
But it was just,
yeah,
he just ignore that led it.
That gets so crazy.
I'm so sorry.
That terrible.
Okay.
You seem like the perfect guy to maybe weigh in on this.
We got an email.
Uh,
somebody said,
hey,
I,
I love the,
about the Po.
I've just found the podcast have been catching up on episodes.
It's,
I'm 22 years old.
I just moved out of my mom's house and now I live in a five bedroom apartment in
Chicago with roommates,
three girls and a guy.
I have never shit in a public bathroom in my life.
I had been living in this apartment for 48 hours and still haven't shit at my
mom's house.
I would go at least twice a day,
sometimes up to four I've thought of going up to the rooftop of the building
where they have two great bathrooms with loud fans and a nice shower just in
case things got crazy.
But I can't justify going up there every time I have to go.
How do you,
do you have any suggestions on how to overcome his,
basically his shyness?
Yeah.
Uh,
you know how to break that down.
Yep.
Piss on me and beat me.
Thank you,
Christian.
I do.
I'll tell you what.
Yeah,
go ahead.
And College,
I lived with four other kids.
Yeah.
And we had the exact same problem.
There's one Turlock.
It was,
it's in its own room.
And then for other people,
so here's what you gotta do.
You gotta be loud and proud and vocal and you got to start announcing your
dumps.
Hey guys,
I gotta make a brown.
Nobody fuck with me right now.
And maybe put like a thing on the door.
Hey,
I'm browning like a note on the door.
Like leave me the fuck alone.
Yeah.
That's the only way.
Because when you live with them,
any people.
Yeah.
When you're shooting,
let's see this guy,
he's struggling.
I,
you know,
I feel for him because he's embarrassed,
this is,
this is new ground for him.
Cause also something every guy,
I don't think he even ever really leaves you sometimes about like he's hesitant
about shitting in front of the
Oh ladies.
Yes.
Yeah.
I mean I still think it,
chances are you can't,
you're not going to hook up with this is a bad idea.
Yeah.
If your roommates,
so I mean I think maybe we'll just own it,
I think.
Yeah.
Just go in there,
eat some Indian food and just really let it go.
Yeah.
Just announced that.
Make light of it and then
walk in and be like,
hey guys,
I've got to tell you something.
Maybe.
Yeah.
Maybe throw a House meeting,
you know,
and be like,
hey,
how's meeting?
And then you get,
you get an everybody in the room and you go,
I have to go make a chocolate right now.
And I want everybody to know.
And then you just,
you know,
well,
cause we had,
okay,
so yeah,
we had one male living with us,
Kevin.
Yeah.
And all knew.
And Kevin was
shooting.
But like you say,
like you're not banging,
nobody was banging Kevin in the house.
When you start to feel weird about shitting,
you know about like,
oh my God,
every,
you forget everybody shits,
Bro.
Everybody does.
And everybody's shit smells.
Everybody's shit is shit.
So just,
you gotta just remember that each of those people that you're kind of
embarrassed to show they've had those same feelings.
Yeah.
And you're going to shower.
You probably have one shower.
You're going to see each other coming out in the towel.
Don't forget that pretty girl that,
that roommate that you kind of have little crush on.
She takes smelly running.
Yeah.
Real that you can run the shit you ever run the shower to cover up the side.
That's another movie.
Could try.
But I mean,
if there's a rooftop option,
you could also,
yeah,
but like every time he's like,
you just got to break it down.
You just gotta go in there,
fucking have that morning coffee and just let it,
let the brown down.
Yeah.
I could even suggest waking up an hour before your roommate's generally do drink
your coffee,
take your ship before anyone else is awake or do late night when everybody's
asleep.
I mean,
I can't play on them like that.
Setting your alarm at four 30 to pick a monster DEP.
But then if you wake everybody up,
it's oof with your shit.
Sexy moves.
You remember?
Um,
we had the,
the guy that uh,
he had,
he put his flyer out there,
somebody saw him putting his flyer up,
shut the front door.
So this guy,
I thought this guy was incredibly terrifying.
Christina was like,
I,
I mean I guess I would go out of the way.
He seems nice.
I say this guy 100% would bash your head in with a hammer
looking for a girlfriend.
Okay Bro.
So we got this message that somebody,
yeah,
he looks real sweet.
Fucking crazy.
Here's the uh,
hey.
I was watching the mom cast for 64 and was surprised to see a familiar face.
The Flyer man who was searching for a girlfriend.
I saw the same flyer,
snap the picture cause I could not believe such a handsome,
nice looking guy who only looks a little dead behind the eyes was resorting to
such unconventional methods and his search for love.
When I saw the flyer there were at least to kind souls who had ripped off the
name number and we're interested in contact and this man,
I admit I considered taking the final remaining rip off contact card but then
decided that although I proudly considered myself a hot white trash come dump,
I was not certain that I could get into being tied up in a basement and having
my knees broken based on his headshot slash mugshot and I've definitely killed
an endangered woodpecker to Mona Lisa smile.
The chance that our friend searching for a female companion is into light
bondage and Tonya Harding style leg injuries just seem too likely for me to
pounce.
Hope this sheds some light on the origin of this
flyer.
I love the podcast.
Christine is the true water champions.
Sorry Todd.
Congrats on the birth of your second little jeans.
Keep them high and tight.
Kaylee.
I guess you didn't.
I thought she saw the guy she saw this flyer years ago.
See the flyer is pretty amazing.
I see a white person in person.
Incredible.
You can for sure to see that guy like dragging a body.
Oh yeah,
I know him.
Can you imagine if the cops come to you and they're like,
what happened?
You know,
who was it?
And you're like,
well,
uh,
my friend,
um,
she uh,
she took a,
you took a fly of the number of this guy.
They'd be like,
your friend.
We're not going to search for her.
She,
she called this guy like,
yeah,
he's looking for a girlfriend.
Like,
yeah,
you don't see the murder in this guy's heart.
See it through his eyes.
Shame on you.
Yeah.
This guy.
Now,
this guy you should call,
you should turn them in bed.
Who Does he look like?
Some actor.
Do you think so?
Ah,
yes.
He's bad.
It looks a little like,
uh,
Eric Ban and the eyes.
Hey,
go see.
I like Eric Bana.
I changed.
Yeah.
He's not that unattractive as far as these creepers go that we play on the show.
It's better than the guy with no teeth.
He's better than a,
they'll make you calm guy.
Yeah,
he's better than the right now.
Right now.
Yeah.
Well,
here's the thing.
We don't know these better than any of those guys cause we're looking at a still
shot of him being like,
all right,
girlfriend.
That's him at his best.
Yeah.
That's the best representation you can chose that picture we were talking about
Instagram is your verb.
You're projecting like,
this is who I am.
That's what he's like.
This who I am.
This is me right here,
Bro.
Hickey.
Uh,
here's a clip.
Doug Mallory farts far too far.
It harder.
Uh
Huh.
Uh,
it's funny stuff.
That's good.
Thanks man.
Yeah,
I worked on that.
You said you saw the,
I saw how that started,
right?
No,
this is a,
yeah,
to do that.
That was Phil Miller.
Phil Minton best known for having his free form work,
which involves extended to techniques,
voice improvising.
He's the most celebrated in his field.
Oh,
it's uh
oh.
Oh,
ah.
I mean,
good.
That's really good selling tickets.
And I'd be curious what the room,
you need a question that you guys doing theaters,
man,
I'm actually opening for him next month.
How's that going to go?
I mean,
I'm glad I'm opening.
I'm not following that.
Well,
yeah,
but what's the,
he's gonna not gonna have anything left to do after you're done.
What is this called again?
The voice improvising.
Yeah.
Vocal and probably just came up with this
category himself.
There's so many sounds.
It's a wide range.
It is.
Isn't it upsetting that you spent 16 years honing a craft for people to notice
you and come see your show and then this asshole too?
Yeah,
I'm pretty good at what I do.
Yeah.
Dickhead.
[inaudible]
uh,
you know what's crazy is that anybody would go like we'll set up a chair.
Yeah.
Love to have you do bullshit that we saw you doing on the train.
If you don't mind the crazy,
this is the crazy guy on the subway.
Do you think that this isn't a museum and this is like an installation?
Absolutely.
We're like,
oh wonderful.
This is a,
this is good.
Oh,
staggering comment on capitalism and Trump's America.
Is that what this is?
That's probably exactly what this is a bunch of fucking horse shit.
That's crazy as that anybody would walk up and be like good job.
Yeah.
That's the part that pisses me off.
This guy or the girlfriend looking guy who's weirder and their downtime.
Oh this is the fucking girlfriend first guy.
Wait,
which guy was this flyer guy number.
Uh,
I see this guy is more annoying.
This guy.
The other guy though.
He's wearing a tie.
Yeah,
the other guy will dismember you.
Okay.
Who would you rather go on a dinner date with though?
That's true.
Well I mean do you like to listen?
Cause this guy is definitely making it about him.
I think the flyer guys like tell me more about you and you know,
right.
Where do you go?
What time do you leave the house?
What time do you have any roommates who's keeping in their own bus schedule?
You follow?
Yeah.
He just turns off the lights and puts on classical music
you liked.
Do you have any duct tape and rope and your rocking?
Yup.
How about a shovel?
Do you have is real?
Let's stop at home depot before we just said,
I don't know.
Do we need to further the hardware store out works too.
Okay.
Horse Shit.
I mean it makes me so mad.
Ooh,
that's,
I mean that's a little bit,
that's like scatting.
I don't know the cab Calloway.
I'd rather listen to scatting than this guy.
I'd rather buy tickets and invest in a night watching scatting scat.
Huh.
And that,
what would you rather watch?
I mean I could,
I thought about just making some firetrucks tracks at the end of my album just
to end it.
And I think that would be much better than what's going on there.
I think that had been amazing.
If you think I should have had some bonus far,
it's very good.
Or just the ending of it.
If it's a bonus track and it was just,
you're like,
plant repping forest,
I'd be like,
this is a great album.
Yeah.
It already is the greatest album ever made.
Maybe I'm not sophisticated,
but I don't understand the art world when it does stuff like that.
Yeah.
I like looking at stuff.
Yeah,
pretty pictures.
I mean,
I don't like stuff like that,
like interpretive things.
They just anger me.
Oh yeah,
we'll get it.
Pictures of assholes.
But then they'd like turn it into like,
well the deeper meaning behind this
colonoscopy.
Yeah.
Scan is whatever feels so bullshit.
Right.
It's like that's not what's happening.
I mean,
yeah.
I don't think it makes you feel stupid.
Yeah,
me too.
Like I'm not sophisticated or something cause I don't like the fucking yodeling
guy in the museum.
It's that's,
that's terrible.
That's all point.
Or something like that,
isn't it?
Just to make normal people feel dumb because they don't get it.
I'm only upset if that guy makes a living.
Yeah.
Depending on its price.
I would hired him for a party though,
just to like,
guys got to come over.
Here's the thing,
we're all going to tell him he's amazing.
That's
just everyone got like,
that's one of the greatest.
As he starts to like overstate as welcomed,
you just kind of shoved him out the door and they're like,
yeah.
And he's old too.
Like he's been doing this shit for affecting his horse shit for years.
Um,
yeah.
You work on that.
How do you yell at my friends and I have been having a heated debate.
One of our writers are listeners writes in about,
which is the proper way to make Pp.
I say you pull your hog through the hole in your boxers and go,
they're telling me I'm dumber than bird is racist and that you're supposed to
flip your Wang Dang doodle over the top of your waistband and drained the vein.
That way I seek your guidance,
especially the water champ on this one.
So when I meet a white trash comes up,
I have the proper form.
Looking forward to your thoughts.
Been Filler is a cook,
Kyle.
Oh,
white trash.
Go through the hole.
I usually go over or just go,
you know,
I don't go through the whole aisle.
Here's the thing.
Okay.
Here's the truth.
If I'm wearing like suit pants,
right,
right through the hole.
But if I'm wearing basically anything else I pulled away,
hang out at the top,
pull everything down.
What about you?
What do you do?
I pull mine through the whole why?
Why did they build a whole if you're not going to use it?
No,
I know.
I think,
I dunno.
I mean definitely when you pull everything down the waistband down,
it's definitely a a boss move.
You feel like,
take this,
look what I have for you.
The urinal,
you know,
it's just like everything comes out.
Feels like you're really in charge.
Who's just showing that you're an alum?
Who's boss telling me that you don't ever use the utility of the whole that's
provided suit pants.
Suit pants on occasion.
Yeah.
Explain to me why.
I think suit pants,
the way that,
you know,
there's usually like a buckle in a button.
So it's like more yeah,
to out and actually it's quite comfortable.
So if you're somebody who wears a suit every day,
I think that's very effective.
But if you're wearing,
obviously if you're,
I mean jeans,
it's kind of up to you,
but I think I normally,
no,
you're right.
If I have a belt on,
if I have a on,
I would unzip and just use just as rolling.
Here's the thing.
I mean you guys,
Eric,
that's the answer.
First of all,
why can't I have panties with like a slit cut in the bottom so that I can just
pull the fabric apart in Piss as you can.
We should do that.
But it's because you guys,
yeah,
like why can't I do this too?
And then I'll cut a slit and my jeans and then just let the fountains gun.
I don't want to pull my pants down.
Ah,
who's got time for that?
All right.
I at urinals do the full on.
I go all the way to the ground.
So the urinal pulling down to my ankles.
It's fun.
Are you supposed to do that?
Oh No,
not at all.
It's just a really cruise people out.
Tom at a urinal.
Do you poke it through the hole or you go
pull the wiener out?
And I think it all depends on the pants that I'm wearing.
You know?
It's just really what it comes down to.
I mean,
I'm trying to think here.
There's certain,
like there's shorts.
Let's say I have these shorts that are uh,
I guess,
you know,
there's a button and a zipper.
It just makes sense when you walk up.
I just naturally unbuttoned,
pull it down.
Everything's out of the top,
you know?
But then if I was wearing these jeans right here,
there's a belt on them right now.
Yeah,
right.
No,
there's no belt on this one.
No belt.
Open it.
If the belt we're on,
I would,
I would just go through the hole.
So it just depends on the,
a real volume of,
I was like Mbas slip away pants where you just,
Oh yeah,
boom.
The warm up pants.
Yeah.
I feel like
such a boss.
If I'm wearing,
you know,
no button,
no zip.
Just let's say regular.
Let's say shorts,
like gym shorts.
Then you pull down,
everything flops out.
That's,
that's that most everything tall cock,
everything's out.
Everything comes up.
Yeah.
Tako balls.
I wish I could try it just for a day.
I don't want have any,
he can balls permanently on the road.
He makes me do all that for her.
No,
that's great.
Yeah.
Part of it I would take out his,
let's have you weigh in on a debate that is really cooking on this show.
Forrest Gump?
Yes.
Oh yeah.
Wow.
You really knew we were going.
Uh Wow.
Is it unethical?
Was it unethical for Jenny to the forest to give her aids for forced to give her
aids,
for her to take advantage of his mental state though.
Cause he was cool.
His capacity was what?
You know his men.
Sure.
I mean he did go to college but he's,
because he played football games mean to college.
I forgot that Alabama.
Oh,
right.
Yeah.
He was a star football player.
Football,
but that's why he's a,
he's a football player.
He can read,
he can write,
he can read it cause he needed some,
a bounty on top.
Fill out a raise like,
like you,
I hear,
uh,
dude,
you nailed it.
Do you remember being on the road for like 10,
15 years
after that came out?
People there was still comics.
You'd come across it like,
oh,
the Gna doing their forest joke.
Yeah.
And that stayed for a while and that you Baca the Chewbacca impressions lasted
well into early 2000 will go on.
Boy Arnold Arnold's stuff.
That's a biggie.
Sly.
I guess some of them are more on Arnold was like the one to do Dinero.
Oh yeah man.
Why are you not doing that soon after the stage man,
you're blowing your nose special.
Oh,
so what's a divisive issue?
Well,
I think I,
I think he ended up making her,
making his life.
She made his life complete in the end.
I think he was fine with it.
I like look at how happy that guy was
cause it feels good to come.
But what is it wrong of her?
Yeah.
I mean,
I don't think it was the best,
but what would you have interpreted it differently if the gender roles were
switched?
If a girl,
if the girl is,
I fall rise and he was like this normal electrical person.
Yeah,
that rate.
But yeah,
I don't know.
Some form of molestation or
I think there was a someone that weighed in last time and said that like she did
try to hook them up with a h j or so.
Right.
She'd get so they made out in her dorm room and he was like,
oh,
like he was all weird.
Like they French.
Did he come when they fucked?
I don't remember.
I don't like,
I think
she just showed boobies and that was too much for him.
I can't remember.
Yes.
Yeah,
he wasn't into it.
So he was he such an innocent though that he got quite the email about this this
week.
You want to hear it?
Okay.
Good Morning Mommy's,
I sat idle for the last few weeks listening to you butcher the Forrest Gump
situation.
I decided to weigh in.
My main point is this.
There is no minimum Iq level to catch a nut by saying
that June,
that Janay shouldn't be allowed to fuck forest.
You're saying that he's too stupid to come.
This sounds a lot like eugenics.
Only the smartest among the should be allowed to come.
This is precisely what Hitler was trying to pull off.
Forest.
Isn't that stupid?
He attended college,
was a member of the armed forces,
a multinational corporation,
and was apparently able to navigate his way around the country on foot.
I could not pull these things off using game alone.
He was able to pull some smears on multiple occasions.
In his first encounter with Jenny,
he caught his nut with zero consideration for her orgasm.
In spite of this,
he was able to convince her to engage his love making on another occasion and
apparently the only thing us pulls out of his his driveway.
That's the mark of a true cocksman.
Jenny also did not have HIV.
This is a common conclusion,
but incorrect.
It was never stated exactly what she had,
but in the second book it was confirmed it was hepatitis.
This is why forest didn't have the disease.
Even though he goes,
Rah loved the show.
My friend turned me on a few months ago.
I've gone back and listened to a bunch of keep up the good work.
Beat me and Piss on me.
Todd in Pittsburgh.
Well that is just about wraps up Solomon.
I think.
Todd,
thank you so much.
Nice clothes,
Judge Todd.
Todd,
get it.
Let us know he's right now.
I see it differently.
Well,
I hadn't considered too stupid to come for us.
That went to down to come
to your next album.
Yeah.
Not too damn far.
It's hard.
It's three.
Not too dumb to come.
Hey,
I'm going to write that down.
Yeah,
it's out there.
But considering his accomplishments that you did do everything,
so yeah.
Who did judge what he can come and not come.
Whatever.
That's true.
You can come whenever he wants it.
If he can run a corporation and do all that stuff.
There was a Forrest Gump to book.
I didn't even know there was not,
I was not aware.
Um,
look at this person told us,
hey,
hello out there.
I found this in my neighbor's lawn and I find that it's basically the stranger
equivalent to telling your aunt what makes you come and forth.
I wanted to hear you weigh in on this nice front long decore.
Am I just a big fat black Dick or is this unnecessary?
Okay,
here's the neighbors in this house.
We believe healthcare is a human right.
Black lives matter.
Women's rights are human rights.
No human is illegal.
Science is real.
Love is love.
That is quite the declaration for the lawn,
right?
Everybody know I'm a social justice warrior and I got no children and no
responsibilities and my life.
You know what?
I would do a lot of free time.
I would I,
I mean,
I think it's obviously,
it's fine.
Whatever you want.
I think you should.
Maybe you make a big brown chocolate right here and then put your own sign in it
and you go in my house.
This is where I take a shit.
Put it right there.
It's just annoying.
It's like the Jadah speech or something.
It's annoying and especially because,
well,
let's see.
Let's do the other way.
If somebody who was on the opposite end of that spectrum put a sign on their
lawn
really lit up.
Yeah,
it's,
it is though.
It's like the person said it's the equivalent of being like I got to tell people
what turns me on.
You know,
like I have to announce that I'm pansexual to my parents at Thanksgiving and
ruin their holiday armpits.
Give me a hard on God just when I eat Turkey,
you know you don't have to tell him.
Do both.
Yeah.
It is like bumper stickers which were much bigger and like the eighties I feel
like when everyone had to put their political leaning and they're driven by one
of those cars that has like 40 bumper stickers,
what can I get pulled over?
What kind of instability is in that?
But that kind of went out of fashion,
these bumper stickers,
but for a while it was declared your,
now I guess it's social media.
You can be like,
this is what I'm all about.
Here's my political still like,
all right dude.
Plus we have emojis which are just stickers now.
Yeah.
Let we get to be children is through our phones.
I guess.
Here's somebody just telling you what makes them come.
You know?
Can I read this one?
I think I like it.
Just another day being bio,
gender.
I feel so amazing.
I love being connected to nature.
I'm a reincarnation of a dinosaur.
I'm so happy.
Thank you all for being accepting and to my haters.
Please stop.
Love you all.
Uh,
there's zero punctuation.
Describe what's in these photos then.
Um,
I don't know what their pronoun is.
Yeah,
there's a person in grass like licking the grass and then this person is,
has a leaf in their mouth like there.
I mean,
they're also staring at the camera.
Sure.
So it's menacing.
Menace thing or extremely hot depending on as a bio,
gender person,
myself,
biogen,
I'm going to jerk off for sure.
Are they wearing like the color lenses?
Can I say,
oh my God,
I hear that's,
it makes it even more terrifying.
Now,
how long do you think this horse shit,
it's gonna last.
Imagine being the parent.
That's what I think.
Ah,
yeah.
How old are you?
I mean think this person is,
this person is not that old.
I think they're like a teen at the,
at the oldest.
They're like 1920 but you know if you're a parent you've got to be like,
look,
I know you jerk off in the yard.
You don't have to share this stuff.
All right.
And then they're like,
dad,
so sick of all your fucking antiquated views on the world.
But how long do you think this trend is going to go on?
This gender horse does biogen,
I think it's revving up.
Let's just,
just getting started.
Oh I think so.
Yeah,
they're 10 years.
Oh yeah.
Easy.
Huh.
That's,
that's the horse like with us growing up,
the pictures you had like the real photographs.
Yeah.
So we don't have the constant evidence that like I went through some weird
phases that the map fucking crazy,
but that person forever,
it just has this stamp of like if they have kids like Yup.
There you were.
Just being a dinosaur,
getting your fuck on.
Imagine you know how we get,
you get embarrassed of some things from your youth.
Like,
let's say you see a picture of leading bear,
but like,
you know,
like I'll,
I'll see a photo or a video of myself again.
I hate everything.
I'd just like totally cringe.
Yeah.
Um,
this I would hope,
I think of when this person's a 35,
they see this and they're like,
oh my God,
no,
they're going to be bio gendered forever,
Tom.
It's how they identify.
Yeah.
There's just like,
I need to get back to that.
Uh,
I lost myself a businessman now with this make you want to know what somebody
sent us.
Pretty amazing.
They sent us to,
sure.
Um,
okay,
so amber emailed us.
She goes,
this past weekend,
my friends,
I took 10 or 12
Benadryl and hit the tent not long after we arrived.
Some real f g t r d t was telling me about this video his friend receive after
drug and lead dancing and giving her phone number to a real shit pig.
Thought you guys might enjoy this man.
His dedication to texting a 20 something girl,
this gem of a video first thing in the morning for her to wake up.
So,
so it's like you meet a guy,
he's like,
we got your number.
And she's like,
all right,
give us a number.
Next day you wake up.
Um,
she goes,
sorry.
He hasn't shirtless.
It was a real blessing in disguise.
Um,
we're all dedicated members of the forest stroking amber.
But like,
imagine,
you know,
you're out your friends,
right?
But this is like,
you're out of college basically.
Yeah.
And like some guy's like,
can I get those digits?
And you're like,
okay.
And then the next morning you're like,
man,
that was a,
I was a late night.
I think I drank too much.
Oh,
what's this on my phone?
Good morning,
Julia.
Me Gel.
Just wanting to say hi.
Wish you a great day.
Tell you that meeting you yesterday
and getting a look at you was probably one of the greatest moments of my life.
You were so beautiful.
You don't know how beautiful you are to me.
I mean,
just,
you're gorgeous,
you're precious.
But it's been sitting in my mind when you said to me,
you want to go back with your ex boyfriend,
please erase him from your memory.
Don't ever go back in the past.
I know,
cause I've been there and I understand when you know you're trying to find
somebody and you go on dates and nothing compares to your racks,
but there is that better person out there and Julia,
I promise you it is me.
I love you like you've never been loved before.
Oh God.
Oh cherish shoe.
I'll make you feel like a woman,
a real woman,
and believe me,
after you experienced me,
you won't even know who your ex boyfriend is.
How's he sound like Bill Burkhart to me in your arms?
Open up your heart to make in your arms.
Oh my God,
let's go full throttle.
I could see me falling in love with you with just so I don't know.
I just looked into your eyes and I just melt.
Anyhow,
I'm heading off to work.
This is my cute little home.
Everything you see behind me,
I built everything every square inch from crown mold into chair rail to floors,
to lighting,
to plumbing,
doors,
windows,
whatever,
bells like this how I got my girl that's in a video.
I was like,
yeah,
this is my house.
I tell jokes and uh,
I could see myself going full throttle with you.
So this is the type of guy you get head the guy,
right.
I love to build you,
whatever you want a sweetheart.
So I hope this video doesn't scare you.
That's how I feel.
I just want you to know that.
Okay.
When I look for you have to say that.
Yeah.
With you.
So let's make it happen.
No.
Ah,
Ciao Baby.
Oh perfect.
And they just,
I mean I feel bad for,
I'm embarrassed for him.
Yeah.
I also,
I it brings about just any embarrassing thing I've ever done in my mind.
You know,
like you go like when,
cause the,
the feeling I get for him is like,
it's reminiscent of feeling bit embarrassed for myself.
Right.
You know,
you put yourself out there for,
girls are going like,
what have I done?
Like one time.
Oh God,
I left a voice mail.
Oh my God,
I've never done that.
I've gotten a few of those embarrassing voice voicemail because this is prior to
the day.
What kind of voicemail?
Okay,
so there was a guy,
I was seeing it very early.
It was very early,
like,
like one,
one time we hung out and it was like,
I miss you.
I just wanna let you know I'm thinking about you.
Yeah.
I just,
I miss you so much.
And I was like,
well,
you just went out on like,
yeah,
I think I've done that before.
Yeah.
And then like maybe had a song playing.
How old are you?
Like 33 no,
I was,
uh,
no,
it was like 20 weeks.
Yeah,
that's about the age I was,
but it's just the kind of thing where I feel like,
it's like as you hang up,
you're like,
what the fuck did I like?
It almost immediately history.
You're like,
I should kill myself.
Yeah,
for sure.
You're like,
I,
I need,
I need to,
I need to kill her
fucking boys seeing,
there it is.
That's why I turned to the police.
I'm going to go steal this woman's phone so that she can never hear this.
But he has some awareness that it's not cool because he's like,
I hope this isn't free.
Right.
Which is,
no,
that's not a good writer.
He does know.
He does know and he probably,
what happens is he has the thought right before he's like,
oh,
this could come across as scary or weird,
but he's like,
well,
you know what?
I feel so such that that love,
oh my God,
the Nri relationship energy move and he's just like send.
And then in his,
in his dream mind,
he's like,
it's going to be the best reception back.
She's going to be like,
oh my God,
I loved waking up to this.
That's what he,
that guys so long.
Have you ever done that?
Really got the message like that?
Oh yeah,
countless times.
I mean,
I was,
I feel like more like middle school.
Junior high.
Yeah.
You're like figuring it out and you're just so terrible.
But yeah,
it's that immediate like,
but yeah,
it was like you can't go back and this is before he could even like,
did you like your message?
It was before that stuff where it was just like,
well this is it.
So you keep kind of like that guy where it's like,
but he could have edited that or done it over,
but it's like you just keep going.
You're like,
oh,
I've got to dig out of this hole.
So he keep going in and deeper and,
but,
but that I had options.
It doesn't scare you if you stayed at them.
It's fucking terrifying dude hub.
Just scared that I also have already declared my love for you.
That's awesome.
I've done before you go on a date,
you're like,
pretty sure I love you.
And they're like,
ah dude.
I
one time I think I told you this story.
Oh,
this woman got so afraid of meat.
So we hung out one night in New Orleans.
We met on the streets of Austin after,
it wasn't Katrina,
but whatever it was before that.
And as she was just like,
had to like get out of town.
She's in Austin,
parting run into her.
We hit it off.
She's real cute.
We'd go like,
I'll give you a place to stay if you fuck me.
No,
no.
I was like,
she was only in for that night,
but I was like,
I was randomly going to be in New Orleans two weeks later for the first time.
And she's like,
hit me up.
Let's hang out.
So I go,
I hang out with her.
I mean,
she was just,
she was stunning.
We had a really good time and then we make out some stuff happens and it was
right after that movie punch.
Drunk love came out and there's this,
there's a,
see I love that movie.
Great.
And uh,
there's a line,
the Adam Sandler says,
you're so beautiful.
I just want to smash you in the face with a sledge.
Yes.
And I said that to her and uh,
without context,
if she has not seen the film,
uh,
yeah.
She immediately was like,
well,
we're going like,
she,
her whole demeanor just changed.
Yeah.
She,
she somehow gave me a ride back to the hotel,
which I,
she didn't have to die if I,
if it were reversed and I didn't know the context,
I'd be like,
get the fuck out.
She still gave me a ride,
but it didn't say one way or the whole.
I said a similar thing to her.
A second date,
third date,
10 years later,
married two kids.
Oh my God.
I was like,
I'm so into you.
I want to put your head through that dresser and like and smash it against the
wall.
And she was like,
okay,
congrats.
Yeah,
almost 10 year.
But you didn't call the cops then.
So that's a good big plus.
But thinking about staying married,
you know,
but it was a red flag.
I did laugh cause I was like war comedians.
So that's funny.
But on the other hand I was like,
he's really violent.
I'm not sure I should.
But that's also like you see a baby,
you're like,
you're just so fucking cute or just want to smash your fucking face.
Then you know,
we're
going to that one.
Do you remember?
It was like in a strip mall,
a silver lake,
um,
restaurant where they would make things off the menu.
Do you remember this place?
It was like a,
uh,
a very small restaurant and it was like a guy who was the head chef at another
restaurant,
opened his own restaurant.
I'm vaguely sorry.
Yeah.
Anyways,
I remember sitting in that restaurant and I'm ordering stuff that like is not on
the menu that we'd learned from going there a couple times and describing being
like,
can we
were there with him.
It was like another couple with us.
I go,
this food is so good,
you're going to want to go in the kitchen and beat the shit out of the guidance.
And the guy at another table tournament,
he goes 100%.
Yeah,
he was.
He got it.
But um,
yeah,
I guess it wasn't the smartest thing to say three days.
Well,
as you can see,
audio worked out listening.
My husband has a long history of declaring violence,
senseless violence on me,
on restaurant tears,
restaurant tours,
[inaudible] chefs.
Uh,
I sent that same girl like a letter later.
Just kind of tried to apologize,
but it probably came off as like that guy's video,
I'm sure.
Oh yeah.
They ended with Chow.
And I hope this isn't crazy,
but,
and when you try to follow up on something like that,
yeah,
no,
sure.
To let it go.
Uh Huh.
There's so many of those Nike memes and it's,
you know,
now they're like played out.
But um hmm.
Yeah,
this is an f.
G.
T.
R.
D first.
Good Dick.
No first good.
Tom Replaces that Dick.
Yeah.
Try it out.
Just try it out.
There's the one where they made the guy to try it out guy.
And it just says,
just try it out so hard at that.
Um,
Instagram,
Greg,
we're talking about Instagram.
People are making memes of the new Nike thing with your mom's house references.
So check out our Instagram accounts.
I'm the Christina P and Thomas Sigora Tom,
right?
Yeah.
Doug,
what's your,
by the way,
I have to let you guys know I'm a huge Instagram.
It was,
we know fan.
I love Doug mallards Instagram.
There's so funny.
I love your posts.
So what's your address?
Whatever the fuck it's called Doug Mellard.
M E L L A R D to get it right.
I love your,
your posts.
Thank you.
I love that people have,
um,
now it seems like my,
all my fucking Nike stuff is like a political statement.
Oh yeah.
They're like,
you're there.
Like you're saying Fuck Nike,
but for other people I'm like,
yeah,
yeah.
Totally unrelated to any of this shit,
man.
Yeah.
Well you're like the king of dry,
so like,
yeah.
People never know
if it's,
yeah,
well they're f GT RTDs cause they don't know.
That's right.
That's what the definition is,
right?
Apparently there's a,
uh,
what does this guy,
is this the dad champ?
You've seen that Steven Seagal music videos,
right?
E y.
Y you mean like him playing guitar?
He has albums.
That was,
yeah.
Yeah.
Nothing staying alive.
One of your favorites.
I think there's a nother video of him.
Stay United State United.
Yeah.
Oh
yeah.
When it
Daddy,
Daddy.
That's it.
Wow.
The restaurant,
we have multiple videos of this guy.
Wow.
Yeah.
Why wouldn't hear them saying like from sent in from like we've seen this guy
sing stay United States,
United States,
United States United many times.
We don't know what city he's in.
Uh,
he's got to find that restaurant.
La,
what is it called?
Lead Isa.
Yeah,
I think,
yeah,
went get wet bed days.
Days,
10 days.
La Casa.
Now what I liked about this video is he got a nice new haircut.
Yeah.
He looked fresh.
We got a close up of the mouth.
I got to really see those teeth that look like a candy corn just with four of
them and we got a neat burp at the end.
Yeah,
that's pretty cool.
Yeah.
I that guy in some print ads for sure.
For this restaurant?
No,
for some like modeling stuff.
Like
what if this was this restaurants ad
come down to us law Tarasoff
upon first search,
typing that in.
It takes me to three places in Spain.
Ah,
he think he's,
it could be,
I dunno.
Oh,
no way.
What he's,
what does he say at the end?
Tommy?
Is he speaking espanol?
I didn't here,
let's,
let's try to speak in Spanish.
I speak Spanish.
They speak in Spanish.
Si.
I don't think he's speaking.
I heard a lot of,
that's it.
Guitarra speaking like got the land,
like a regional dialect,
you know?
Huh.
Um,
I,
he's drunk.
He's speaking.
Do you think he drinks?
He looks like a guy that
used to hang out outside of my apartment and Korea dam.
They would always just be passed out playing with his belly button.
Uh,
I miss that guy a little bit.
Hey,
Yuri Koreatown.
Do you have the guy at the bus stop who pent who?
Uh,
Sharpie's his beard in [inaudible] story on there.
Oh,
I'm not there anymore.
hopefully.
Yeah,
So.
Yeah.
Hopefully he's still there.
If you live in Korea town in La,
hit me up if you know,
lack black marker.
Yeah.
And there's the bearded lady in Silver Lake and let me know if she's still
around.
And uh,
there's a budget.
There's a few people that kicky foot in their wheelchairs.
Oh yeah.
Kick,
kick,
kick.
And you're like,
oh,
your legs were pretty well,
thank you for the rest.
Easier than walking.
It is easy.
There's a dude in silver lake now that like he's always on a scooter
and uh,
at one point that Mcdonald's near us burnt down and so they had their giant m
just on the ground and he rolls up on his little rascal gets,
I don't even think he needs it.
Like he's just lazy or whatever gets up off the rascal.
He gets the M,
puts it on his shoulder,
just zips off and it's right outside of his house.
I see.
This is why I Miss Silver Lake.
Yeah,
that's pretty great because they had such a good,
great bevy of Weirdos.
They don't see it in the burbs here.
Now,
there was a silver Lake Walker,
I dunno if that may be before your time,
but there was,
this guy was a doctor,
a medical doctor,
but he would eat like crap and apparently would spend about 12 hours a day just
walking through silver lake shirtless in these turquoise shorts.
There's even a mural dedicated to him on the sunset.
There's the pink guy.
I've seen the pink,
pink,
there's the purple lady at Michael's arts and crafts and I fucked her.
Yeah,
we've been talking about,
but I'm talking about this in my act now actually because it's such,
it's so in my brain,
the uh,
the people who do speakerphone conversation got in public.
I can ask this lady,
Rita sent us this.
She's a dental hygienist.
Yeah.
And one of her patients took two calls during his cleaning.
No.
How do you even do that?
So people are super conscious of their time and they don't want us to take their
time,
but yet this patient a while,
I literally had my hands in their mouth,
had answered the phone.
No it flip it.
Open speakerphone,
no girl speakerphone moments.
So this is my operatory and I have this partition and there's the chair next to
me.
So not only did I get to hear the patient's conversations,
but I had two other people next to you.
They get to hear the patient's conversation as well.
So again,
speakerphone and inappropriate in public places.
I love you guys making fitness.
Say United.
Yeah
girl.
But I mean,
come,
come on.
I think she should be able to do it right back at while she's doing it.
Just like,
well fuck it.
I'll fight fire with fire.
And just let that lady panicked that like my dentist is not,
maybe I should get off this.
The level of fucking obliviousness people are great.
Yeah.
All of them.
All people are great.
Yeah.
I'm actually,
oh,
sorry.
No,
no,
I,
I'm just gonna say that I'm so surprised that a medical professional listens to
this show.
Oh,
we've been hit up by,
I did not.
We got a top tier doctor really?
Guy Sent me,
um,
really?
Yeah,
he sent me a message about,
he's like,
I can answer all your Dick Question and um,
he goes,
just don't use my name.
I'm like a urologist at this.
And he sent me pictures.
He's like,
he's like a victory king and zippers don't go well together is Dick's card
zippers?
Holy Shit.
Yeah.
I'm,
I'm married.
I can't believe it.
She's such a nice,
sweet lady.
Smart but a,
yeah,
no,
absolutely.
That,
that level of this where she would like farts and stuff is what I'm saying.
The level of disrespect to that guy.
It's preposterous.
Yeah.
It's really crazy.
Preposterous.
But I do,
I facetime all
shit and all that while you're at the airport.
Yeah.
At the airport.
You know,
just let it,
just scream it now.
But you hear that at the airport a lot.
Yeah.
I've recorded people having conversations,
having shit all the time arguments.
Yeah.
And like the greatest
is,
um,
you know,
you'll be at an airport bathroom,
there's international shit's happening.
Just flush,
flush philosophy,
just noise.
And a guy would be like,
that's correct.
Yup.
Uh,
we're about to get on the 1225 to Dallas and I will,
and they're like
toilet flush.
And he's like,
if you don't get those files,
you know,
um,
we're,
we're going to be in big trouble.
It's him.
Like,
you're doing this call right now,
could you please hold?
Ah,
yeah.
Just shifts and the farts and flushing and just people yelling at their kids and
you're like,
ew,
why wouldn't you just put this call off?
Two minutes,
man.
No people are animals.
I don't mean to belittle our audience.
I just,
that lady seems so sweet.
That's my really are taken by this.
You know what I mean?
Like I just,
they all are,
but I just,
I
no,
that was like abnormally normal.
Yeah.
I'm like,
you like our show.
It's amazing.
I love it.
Um,
you're so smart,
Doug,
working people.
Sweetie,
are you coming up here?
Oh,
I've got a couple of fun La shows.
I want to plug a golden hour to be fun,
but I can't think of the venue and then,
uh,
stories and la it a good heroine stories.
Oh yeah,
yeah,
yeah.
That's a 22nd.
Just [inaudible] dot com or just find me on all social media and yeah,
you can find me.
He's very,
very funny.
Uh,
I took them to a bunch of studies.
You always make me laugh,
man.
It's,
um,
it's a,
it's great that he has a second album out.
It's fart safari to fart harder,
man.
You really came to the right podcast.
Yeah.
It felt like it would be home.
Yeah,
of course.
Man,
this is long overdue.
Um,
congrats on getting married.
Congrats on having it.
The new album.
Uh,
go see Doug.
Follow him on social media and um,
I think that's,
that's bad.
Anything else?
Plug anything to say?
Ah,
no.
I love you guys closing the United Song is by Dj.
Big Word and it's called Christina p the site.
Oh,
here we go.
Okay,
Here we go.
Thank you Doug.
Thank you for the list.
Sing and we'll see you next week.
Bye Jean.
Yeah,
I like you so much.
I just want to gouge your eyes out.
I want to squish your face and killing the sledge hammer.
I just want smash your Goddamn.
They were red flags,
red flags,
red,
red flag,
little stuff or dead animals behind your psycho.
Fucking loony functioning psychopath,
serial killer.
Lack
psycho
fucking wounds.